Fix ruby 3.0 CI (#1224)
github/view_component: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## main

> * Fix Ruby versions and update Rails versions used in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Correctly type Ruby version strings and update Rails versions used in CI configuration.
```

'Fix' would potentially also imply that we had locked CI to specific Ruby versions, but I suppose this would take the latest patch for each minor version.
